## Fake Data Modeling
We generated 30,000 employees, 102 companies, ~420,000 appraisals, ~420,000 performance reviews, and 150,000 comments.  \
These companies were split into 30 mini companies (with 30 employees), 61 small companies (with 100 employees), 8 medium
companies (with 1000 employees), and 3 large companies (with 1000 employees). Due to the fact that there are less larger
companies in the world, we thought there would be less larger companies using our service. Howeer, the mini companies would
have less of a reason to use our service. The attributes for the companies were simply generated using Faker and choosing
randomly from our pre-set list of industries.

We used Faker and the random module to generate our 30,000 employees. Employee hire date was randomly generated from between
now and 30 years ago. When generating each employee, company, title_id, and level are left blank to be filled in later.
To assign each employee to a company, we go through the array in sections that are based off the predefined company sizes.
Once an employee is assigned to a company in this way, we can fill in company, title_id, and level based off their position
in the array. For example, the first employee in the company's segment of the array gets the CEO title and the highest level.
The CEO is also guaranteed to be an active employee, with a department of 'All', as opposed to the rest of the employees,
where those traits are random. As we go through each employee, we also generate performance reviews, appraisals, and comments.

Appraisals and performance reviews were generated pretty similarly. As we went through the employees, one PR and one
appraisal was generated for each year that they had been working at the company. This meant an average of ~14 appraisals
and ~14 performance reviews per employee, which was verified by experimentation. The text in the appraisals and PRs are
randomly generated using Faker, with 1-3 sentences. Additionally, the scores on a PR are generated by sampling randomly
using numpy from a normal distribution centered at 7 with a standard deviation of 1. The reviewer ID is selected randomly
from the segment of the company that contains managers.

Finally, each employee gets 5 generated comments. We chose to do it this way because comments aren't strictly related to
years at the company, unlike appraisals and performanc reviews. The comment text is generated using Faker, and the subject
is randomly selected from a list. The commenter ID is selected randomly from all employees in the company.

As stated above, we generated 30,000 employees, 102 companies, ~420,000 appraisals, ~420,000 performance reviews, and
150,000 comments, which adds up to ~1,020,100 rows. Since each employee has spent an average of 14 years at each
company, that means 30,000 * ~14 = ~420,000 appraisals and PRs per employee. 5 rows cf comments per employee means
150,000 rows of comments total. In total, we generated a little over a million rows of data, with some leeway for
random variation.
